ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/UserDeletionTests.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.UserDeletionTests
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/appmanager/GroupHelper.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.appmanager.GroupHelper
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/appmanager/ContactHelper.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.appmanager.ContactHelper
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/model/Groups.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.model.Groups
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/model/UserData.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.model.UserData
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/appmanager/SessionHelper.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.appmanager.SessionHelper
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/HbConnectionTest.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.HbConnectionTest
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/GroupCreationTests.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.GroupCreationTests
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/model/Users.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.model.Users
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/TestBase.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.TestBase
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/UserModificationTests.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.UserModificationTests
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/UserPhoneTests.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.UserPhoneTests
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/UserToGroupTest.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.UserToGroupTest
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/generators/GroupDataGenerator.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.generators.GroupDataGenerator
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/DbConnectionTest.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.DbConnectionTest
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/GroupDeletionTests.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.GroupDeletionTests
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/appmanager/ApplicationManager.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.appmanager.ApplicationManager
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/RemoveUserFromGroup.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.RemoveUserFromGroup
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/appmanager/NavigationHelper.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.appmanager.NavigationHelper
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/UserCreationTests.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.UserCreationTests
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.UserCreationTests$1
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/appmanager/DbHelper.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.appmanager.DbHelper
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/model/GroupData.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.model.GroupData
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/generators/UserDataGenerator.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.generators.UserDataGenerator
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/appmanager/HelperBase.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.appmanager.HelperBase
ru/stqa/pft/adressbook/tests/GroupModificationTests.java
 ru.stqa.pft.adressbook.tests.GroupModificationTests
